# coursework
This is a basic code that imports a .csv file containing hypocotyl length data for a variety of treatments. It aims to provide an overview of the data - it lists the average values and standard deviations for each treatment group, plots a histogram for a preliminary look at whether the data is normally distributed for each group and then plots a boxplot of the data. To run the code, download the sample data provided (example hypocotyl length data.csv) and save to appropriate location. Alter the path included in the reading in step of the code to match where you have saved the code. Work through the code in order. The final output should include a .png file of the boxplot created saved to your computer. 

The code should be used to assess what type of further analysis should be used (e.g. parametric or non-parametric) and to provide a visualisation of the results, which can be used to make a preliminary observation about whether obvious differences exist between the treatment groups. The treatments in the sample data have been partially hidden for data protection purposes, but the data within the columns refers to measurements taken of hypocotyl length (mm) of Arabdopsis seedlings.  Each treatment group is a different Arabidopsis genotype treated with either WL (white light) or DS (deep shade). Each group is independent and during further data analysis it will be necessary to compare the means (or non-parametric equivalent) of each group to identify any significant differences between them and assess the impacts of the genotype on the response to WL/DS. 
